Update JS task (#19086)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/building_blocks/image_gallery/index.md

Your JavaScript needs to:

- Declare a `const` array listing the filenames of each image, such as `'pic1.jpg'`.

> - Declare an `const` object listing the alternative text for each image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Declare a `const` object listing the alternative text for each image.
```

> - Loop through the array of filenames, and for each one insert an `<img>` element inside the `thumb-bar <div>` that embeds that image in the page along with it's alternative text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Loop through the array of filenames, and for each one, insert an `<img>` element inside the `thumb-bar <div>` that embeds that image in the page along with its alternative text.
```

> - Add a click event listener to each `<img>` inside the `thumb-bar <div>` so that when they are clicked, the corresponding image and alternative text are displayed in the `displayed-img <img>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a click event listener to each `<img>` inside the `thumb-bar <div>` so that, when they are clicked, the corresponding image and alternative text are displayed in the `displayed-img <img>` element.
```

### Looping through the images

We've already provided you with lines that store a reference to the `thumb-bar <div>` inside a constant called `thumbBar`, create a new `<img>` element, set its `src` and `alt` attributes to a placeholder value `xxx`, and append this new `<img>` element inside `thumbBar`.

You need to:

1. Put the section of code below the "Looping through images" comment inside a loop that loops through all the filenames in the array.

> 2. In each loop iteration, replace the `xxx` placeholder values with a string that will equal the path to the image and alt attributes in each case. We are setting the value of the `src` and `alt` attributes to these values in each case. Bear in mind that in each case, the image is inside the images directory and its name is `pic1.jpg`, `pic2.jpg`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In each loop iteration, replace the `xxx` placeholder values with a string that will equal the path to the image and alt attributes in each case. Set the value of the `src` and `alt` attributes to these values in each case. Remember that the image is inside the images directory, and its name is `pic1.jpg`, `pic2.jpg`, etc.
```
